[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi.
I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll
see how to publish
a single video to the web.
To publish single
videos to the web,
you'll use the media module.
To publish a video, click the
checkbox next to the video.
And then click Publish And
Embed, and then Publish To Web.
On the publishing dialogue, I'll
start by selecting a player.
This list contains all
the Brightcove players
in my account.
Once I select a player,
the preview player
will update to reflect
the player I selected.
The URL below the
preview player can
be used to quickly preview
the player in a browser.
You can also generate
a shortened URL.
Let's do that and then click
the link to preview the video.
There are two different
types of publishing code
that are generated.
The standard option will
display the iframe embed code.
For publishing
players in HTML pages,
it's recommended that
you select standard
and use the iframe embed code.
The advanced option will
display the in-page embed code.
In-page is required
when you want
to interact with the
player from the HTML page.
You should also use
the advanced code
when you're using
the campaign module
to track viewer engagement.